#labels Phase-Design
= Introduction =

Version 1.90 is up for download.  This is a quick status report.

= Details =

There's about a week to go before the regular season starts, and about 3 weeks 'til the begginning of the betting season.  Here's where things stand:
  
==*Done:*==
  * Everything (I believe) is working as it was last year.
    * I haven't tested updateWeek.php yet, but the code should all theoretically be in place
  * Time has been swapped to system time in the db through week 7.
    * fixDateInNFLWeek.php takes string dates in the database, and changes them to time dates.
    * Weeks 8-21 are waiting for Jon/Alisa to change to current year schedule.
  * Everything has been setup to automatically work for the different number of games (and additional betting rules) in the playoffs.
    * I know this doesn't break the regular season, but haven't fully tested the reliability in playoff weeks.
  * A TBD "team" was added to the team list so playoff weeks could be shown from the beginning.
  * A table (currentWeek) was added to the db housing nothing but the current week.
    * A function (thisWeek($year)) was added to alwaysInclude.php to grab the current week.
    * updateWeek.php was altered to increment this by 1 after each week is updated.
  * In an effort to avoid static pages and to keep Jon from having to ftp, a db table (blurb_2007) was added to house Jon's blurb each week.
    * content.php (the default loaded page) now uses thisWeek($year) to display the blurb for the current week.
    * enterBlurb.php (admin only) gives a text box, and pulls down the requested weeks blurb for editing.  (submitting doesn't work... see TBD below)
    * dislpayBlurbs.php lets the user (non-admin) see a requested weeks blurb, defaulting to the current week. 

==TBD==
  * Time-checking for betting needs to be much improved over last year.
  * writeBlurb.php doesn't work... won't write the blurb... MySQL error... no idea why...
  * resetToWeek.php (doesn't currently exists) needs to be created.
    * resets everybodys stats in the user$year table to pre-season, and recalculates everything up to the requested week.
  * displayStandings.php needs to work correctly for standings before the current week.
    * This is by far the hardest thing to update... More soon...








